Research Engineer, Robotics
Applied AI - San Francisco

Apply now(opens in a new window)
About the Team

Our Robotics team collaborates with partners across the robotics industry, and is focused on building a suite of models to enable frontier robotics applications.

 

About the Role

As a Research Engineer on the Robotics team, you will train multimodal robotics models to unlock new capabilities for our partners' robots. You will also research and develop improvements to our core models, including exploring new model architectures, collecting robotics data, and evaluations. We’re looking for people who have a strong research background, in addition to experience shipping AI applications.

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

In this role, you will:

Train and fine-tune large multimodal LLMs

Collaborate with external partners to unlock new robotics capabilities, and debug end-to-end ML issues

Need strong engineering skills to unblock yourself

Be one of the first members of the team, with a lot of opportunity for impact and autonomy.

You might thrive in this role if you: 

Have experience applying ML to robotics

Have experience working with external partners/customers

About OpenAI

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity. 

We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. 

For US Based Candidates: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this link.

OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.

Compensation

$295K – $440K • Offers Equity

Apply now
