Security Engineer, Detection & Response
Security - London, UK

Apply now(opens in a new window)
About the Team

Security is at the foundation of OpenAI’s mission to ensure that artificial general intelligence benefits all of humanity.  

The Security team protects OpenAI’s technology, people, and products. We are technical in what we build but are operational in how we do our work, and are committed to supporting all products and research at OpenAI. Our Security team tenets include: prioritizing for impact, enabling researchers, preparing for future transformative technologies, and engaging a robust security culture.  

About the Role

As a Security Engineer, you will join our OpenAI engineers and researchers in building, operating and securing transformational AI technologies. This role will focus on all aspects of Detection & Response, including infrastructure and operations, and will also contribute to the Security team as a strong generalist. In this role, you will:

Drive projects in all major security verticals including: AppSec, InfraSec, OffSec and Detection and Response

Innovate to solve novel security problems 

Collaborate on cutting-edge AI research, and use AI to improve OpenAI’s Security posture 

You’ll make an impact at OpenAI by:

Innovating on Detection and Response infrastructure 

Build tools for managing the lifecycle of detection rules

Develop, measure, and tune detection rules to ensure effective and sustainable operations.

Automate manual response processes 

Ensuring visibility and control of OpenAI’s endpoint fleet (macOS, Windows)

Driving improvements across identity access and management (IAM), device management, productivity software, and our use of public cloud environments (e.g. AWS, Microsoft Azure).

You may be a fit for this role if you have:

Experience in Security or a Security-adjacent field.

Experience with Microsoft Azure and/or cloud infrastructure platforms.

Knowledge of modern adversary tactics, techniques, and procedures.

Proficiency with a scripting language (e.g. Python, Bash, PowerShell, or similar).

Ability to empathize and collaborate with colleagues, independently manage and run projects, and prioritize efforts for risk reduction.

Compensation, Benefits and Perks

This is a position with OpenAI UK Ltd., which controls the hiring and management of this position. Total compensation includes competitive salary, generous equity and benefits.

Private medical insurance covering 100% of premiums for employees and their dependents

Pension plan with 4% employer contribution

52 weeks maternity leave and 20 weeks parental leave

Unlimited time off

Annual learning & development stipend (£1,200 per year)

About OpenAI

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity. 

We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. 

For US Based Candidates: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this link.

OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.


