Engineering Manager, Distributed Systems
Platform - San Francisco

Apply now(opens in a new window)
About the Team

The Platform Runtime team builds the low level framework components to power our ML training systems.  We work on building robust, scalable, high performance components to support our distributed training workloads.  Our priorities are to maximize the productivity of our researchers and our hardware, with the goal of accelerating progress towards AGI.  

About the Role

In this role, you will be directly managing our teams responsible for our distributed systems, specifically to deliver powerful APIs orchestrating thousands of computers moving/persisting vast amounts of data. This requires both providing easy to use, introspectible systems that can promote a fast debugging/development cycle, while also enabling that experience to scale to our newest supercomputers maintaining stability and performance throughout.

We’re looking for people who love optimizing an end to end system, understanding high performance I/O to maximize local performance and distributed across our compute resources. We want someone excited by the rapid pace of responding to the dynamic and evolving needs of our training systems architectures. Our team uses Python and Rust, and we are looking for someone who is excited to work in this stack and learn it if they're not familiar.

You will build teams in a deeply iterative, collaborative, fast-paced environment to bring our technology to millions of users around the world, and ensure it’s delivered with safety and reliability in mind.

This role is based in San Francisco, CA or remote in the United States (ideally in the West Coast). We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

You might thrive in this role if you:

Have 5+ years of management experience, including previous experience managing managers

Have been responsible for building large scale systems to distribute workloads and industry-changing scale.

Are a seasoned technical leader, excited to do hand-on technical work but equally excited to lead technical teams to peak performance.

Help create a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture that makes all feel welcome while enabling radical candor and the challenging of group think.

Have a humble attitude, an eagerness to help your colleagues, and a desire to do whatever it takes to make the team succeed.

Are experienced in collaborating with cross-functional teams to ensure that reliability and scalability are considered in the design and development of new features and services.

Own problems end-to-end, and are willing to pick up whatever knowledge you're missing to get the job done.

Have excellent communication skills. Expressing ideas clearly and listening carefully are among the most important requirements for success in this role.

About OpenAI

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity. 

We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. 

For US Based Candidates: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this link.

OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.

Compensation

$310K – $385K • Offers Equity

Apply now
