Senior Support Engineer - API
User Operations - London, UK

Apply now(opens in a new window)
About the Team
The Technical Support team is responsible for ensuring that developers and enterprises can reliably build mission critical solutions using OpenAI models. We provide technical guidance, resolve complex issues and support customers in maximizing value and adoption from deploying our highly-capable models. We work closely with Technical Success, Product, Engineering and others to deliver the best possible experience to our customers at scale. OpenAI's customers represent a range of diverse backgrounds and maturity, from early-stage startups to established global enterprises. 

About the Role

We are looking for a senior engineer to collaborate directly with our strategic enterprise accounts, helping solve some of the most difficult problems faced by our Customers. You will be part of the best technical troubleshooting team at OpenAI, and our Customers and Engineering teams will look to you for technical guidance in addressing the most technically difficult issues in our environment. You will play an integral role in building knowledge within the team and be part of strategic initiatives for organizational and process improvements. Working directly with our most strategic Customers - You will be crucial to the success of the most innovative, disruptive, and high-scale AI solutions being built with the OpenAI API platform.

The nature of this role will be low volume, high difficulty.

This role is based in London, UK. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

In this role, you will:

Serve as the dedicated technical resource and advocate for our most important API customers, providing deep troubleshooting assistance/ ownership and educating customers on the use of our platforms.

Be among the foremost technical and troubleshooting experts for our API platform at OpenAI. You are the last line of defense before the core Engineering team.

Partner with engineering and customer teams to resolve issues, engaging with senior leaders internally or with customers and coordinating resources across multiple teams as needed.

Take learnings from resolving customer issues and figure out how to operationalize those solutions at scale, with Engineering, with our Go-To-Market team, etc.

Build strong relationships with our customers’ leaders and operators to ensure their application’s success.

Provide support coverage during holidays and weekends based on business needs.

 

You might thrive in this role if you:

Have 5+ years of experience in technical support engineering or software engineering roles, with application development experience, ideally in tech startups or fast-paced environments.

Earned a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or something similar.

Can proactively identify technical pain points in our and our customer’s solutions.

Have proven experience building strong relationships with customers and cross-functionally to drive performance improvements.

Have a humble attitude, an eagerness to help others, and a desire to pick up whatever knowledge you're missing to make both your team and our customers succeed.

Operate with high horsepower, are adept at frequent context switching and working on multiple projects at once with expansive ownership, and ruthlessly prioritize.

Build and/or have shipped prototypes on top of our API platform, and have spent a meaningful amount of time developing expertise and product intuition in the space. 

You prefer short projects where you can go deep and chase a problem down vs. building long-term solutions over many months. You enjoy seeing multiple use cases, understanding the broad landscape, all while going deep on specific issues.

You enjoy tinkering and experimenting. You enjoy novelty.

Compensation, Benefits and Perks

This is a position with OpenAI UK Ltd., which controls the hiring and management of this position. Total compensation includes competitive salary, generous equity and benefits.

Private medical insurance covering 100% of premiums for employees and their dependents

Pension plan with 4% employer contribution

52 weeks maternity leave and 20 weeks parental leave

Unlimited time off

Annual learning & development stipend (£1,200 per year)

About OpenAI

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity. 

We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. 

For US Based Candidates: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this link.

OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.

Apply now
