Software Engineer, Anti Fraud & Abuse
Applied AI Engineering - San Francisco

Apply now(opens in a new window)
About the team
The Applied team safely brings OpenAI's technology to the world. We released ChatGPT; Plugins; DALL·E; and the APIs for GPT-4, GPT-3, embeddings, and fine-tuning. We also operate inference infrastructure at scale. There's a lot more on the immediate horizon.

Our customers build fast-growing businesses around our APIs, which power product features that were never before possible. ChatGPT is a prime example of what is currently possible. We simultaneously ensure that our powerful tools are used responsibly. Safe deployment is more important to us than unfettered growth.

The Fraud Engineering team works within our Applied Engineering organization identifying and responding to fraudsters on our platform. We are looking for a software engineer with anti fraud & abuse experience to help architect and build our next-generation anti-fraud systems.

In this role, you will:
Design and build systems for fraud detection and remediation while balancing fraud loss, cost of implementation, and customer experience

Work closely with finance, security, product, research, and trust & safety operations to holistically combat fraudulent and abusive actors on our system

Stay abreast of the latest techniques and tools to stay several steps ahead of determined and well resourced adversaries

Utilize GPT-4 and future models to more effectively combat fraud and abuse

You might thrive in this role if you:
Have at least 5 years of software engineering experience in backend and data systems.

Have at least 2 years experience in fraud or abuse analysis, investigation, and/or operations

Can dive into our codebase, intuit how it works, and be able to have a strong intuition for suggestions that will lead us to a stronger engineering position.

A voracious and intrinsic desire to learn and fill in missing skills. An equally strong talent for sharing that information clearly and concisely with others

Are comfortable with ambiguity and rapidly changing conditions. You view changes as an opportunity to add structure and order when necessary

Experience in Machine Learning techniques is a plus, but not required

Our tech stack

Our infrastructure is built on Terraform, Kubernetes, Azure, Python, Postgres, and Kafka. While we value experience with these technologies, we are primarily looking for engineers with strong technical skills and the ability to quickly pick up new tools and frameworks.

About OpenAI

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity. 

We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. 

For US Based Candidates: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this link.

OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.

Compensation

$200K – $370K

Apply now
