Software Engineer, Desktop
Applied AI Engineering - San Francisco

Apply now(opens in a new window)
About the Team

The ChatGPT team works across research, engineering, product, and design to bring OpenAI’s technology to consumers and businesses.

We seek to learn from deployment and distribute the benefits of AI, while ensuring that this powerful tool is used responsibly and safely. Safety is more important to us than unfettered growth. 

About the Role

In this role, you will build a 0-1 product that brings ChatGPT to where our users are already doing their work – the desktop.

We are looking for entrepreneurial, iterative, and collaborative engineers with native desktop development experience, who are excited about our mission to bring the benefits of AI to all of humanity.

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

In this role, you will:

Build the best interface for ChatGPT that is deeply integrated with how our users are already working

Serve as a steward for desktop, helping drive and represent the opportunities this platform can bring to our product.

Help facilitate a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture that makes all feel welcome while enabling radical candor and the challenging of group think

You might thrive in this role if you:

Love building 0 - 1 products, and iterating quickly on feedback

Take pride in building high quality experiences, both from a product and architectural perspective

Are comfortable with ambiguity and rapidly changing conditions. You view changes as an opportunity to add structure and order when necessary

Have a voracious and intrinsic desire to learn and fill in missing skills—and an equally strong talent for sharing learnings clearly and concisely with others

Have experience with native development, preferably on the Windows or Mac OS platforms.

About OpenAI

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity. 

We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. 

For US Based Candidates: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this link.

OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.

Compensation

$245K – $385K

Apply now
