Software Engineer, Engineering Acceleration
Applied AI Infrastructure - San Francisco

Apply now(opens in a new window)
About the Team

The Applied AI team safely brings OpenAI's technology to the world. We released ChatGPT, Plugins, DALL·E, and the APIs for GPT-4, GPT-3, embeddings, and fine-tuning. We also operate inference infrastructure at scale. There's a lot more on the immediate horizon.

We seek to learn from deployment and distribute the benefits of AI, while ensuring that this powerful tool is used responsibly and safely. Safety is more important to us than unfettered growth.

We serve end-users directly through ChatGPT, and serve developers through our APIs, which power product features that were never before possible. 



About the Role

The Engineering Acceleration team designs, builds and maintains the foundational systems that engineers use to build ChatGPT and the API. This is a fast-growing team and you will get a chance to own and define the strategy, vision, and plan for how to accelerate engineering.

In this role, you will:

Drive the design, development, and implementation of tools, systems, and processes that accelerate engineering velocity, reduce manual effort, and increase the quality of output.

Use our latest AI tools to re-think how we can be the most productive team in the industry.

Work closely with various teams within OpenAI to understand their workflows, challenges, and needs, and ensure the tools and systems built by the Engineering Acceleration team address these requirements.

Bring new features and research capabilities to the world by partnering with product engineers to lay the necessary technical foundations.

Guide and advise product engineering teams on best practices for ensuring observable, scalable systems.

Help create a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture that makes all feel welcome while enabling radical candor and the challenging of group think.

Like all other teams, we are responsible for the reliability of the systems we build. This includes an on-call rotation to respond to critical incidents as needed.

You might thrive in this role if you:

Have 5+ years of experience in engineering, including 3+ years of experience in infrastructure building tooling for developers.

Have experience-driven empathy for the tools, frustrations, and processes that slow engineering teams down and lead to toil or burnout.

Care deeply about diversity, equity, and inclusion, and have a track record of building inclusive teams.

Have a voracious and intrinsic desire to learn and fill in missing skills—and an equally strong talent for sharing learnings clearly and concisely with others.

Are comfortable with ambiguity and rapidly changing conditions. You view changes as an opportunity to add structure and order when necessary.

As technical context: at the heart of our infrastructure is a large-scale deployment of GPU nodes running in dozens of Kubernetes clusters across regions. Some core technologies we build with include Terraform, Buildkite, Postgres, Cosmos DB, Kafka, Python, and FastAPI.

This role is exclusively based in our San Francisco HQ. We offer relocation assistance to new employee

About OpenAI

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity. 

We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. 

For US Based Candidates: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this link.

OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.

Compensation

$300K – $450K

Apply now
