Engineering Manager, GPU Platform
Applied AI Engineering - San Francisco

Apply now(opens in a new window)
We have ambitious goals to make the most capable models broadly available. Being able to distribute these models to billions of users in a reliable fashion requires a world-class compute fleet. 

As we scale the number of GPUs, number of users, and size of OpenAI, having a team dedicated to the infrastructure to support is crucial. 

This EM will be responsible for one of our compute teams, GPU or general. They will be responsible for the design, deployment, and management of a massive compute fleet that can grow to meet our business needs. 

Skills/experience needed

Experience managing high performing engineering teams in a fast-paced startup environment

Prior experience hiring, managing performance around, and managing out engineers.

Extensive cross-functional collaboration experience across product, design, and business stakeholders.

Technical depth and expertise on scaling infrastructure systems

Coachable/nice to have

Direct experience working with Kubernetes

Experience working with Azure, or cloud infra (AWS, GCP)

Prior experience working at a hyper growth company, and growing a team in that environment.

About OpenAI

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity. 

We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. 

For US Based Candidates: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this link.

OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.

Compensation

$300K – $450K

Apply now
