Software Engineer, Supercomputing Scalability
Supercomputing - San Francisco

Apply now(opens in a new window)
About the Team

Supercomputers scale vertically. The workloads are synchronous and cluster-scale. These conditions demand a novel approach to cluster infrastructure, and it is the work of the Supercomputing Scalability Pillar to invent it. The focus is on scaling beyond k8s supported node counts, deploying cluster wide releases rapidly and atomically, comprehensive telemetry into the health and activity in the cluster, and rapid onboarding of new supercomputing systems with bleeding edge hardware & world-class scale.

 

About the Role

As an Engineer for Supercomputing Scalability, you will work to simplify and scale the operations of our DC-scale computers. You will use widely available tools effectively, while building novel solutions when we scale beyond their limits, expanding our ability to handle novel hardware, rapidly growing numbers of (ever larger) clusters, and a fast-growing set of research users.

This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance to new employees.

In this role, you will:

Design and operate the orchestration and monitoring stack for our supercomputers

Automate everything until we have unprecedented control of our stack

Deeply understand what it means for a supercomputer to be healthy and useful to researchers and enable frontier model training

 

You might thrive in this role if you:

Deeply understand k8s and other cluster orchestration systems

Have strong software development skills

Have experience working in public clouds (especially Azure)

Bias for action and comfort building in a fast paced, dynamic environment

Have familiarity with AI/ML data access patterns

About OpenAI

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity. 

We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. 

For US Based Candidates: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this link.

OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.

Compensation

$295K – $530K • Offers Equity

Apply now
