Solutions Architect, Global Affairs
Technical Success - San Francisco

Apply now(opens in a new window)
About the Team

The Success team is responsible for the customer experience on both the OpenAI API platform as well as the ChatGPT business product, ensuring developers and enterprises maximize benefit, value, and adoption from our highly-capable models. OpenAI's customers represent a range of diverse backgrounds and maturity, from early-stage startups to established global enterprises.

About the Role

OpenAI’s mission is to ensure that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We believe that achieving our goal requires effective engagement with public policy stakeholders and the broader community impacted by AI. 

The Global Affairs team builds authentic, collaborative relationships with public officials and the broader AI policymaking community to inform and support our shared work in these domains. We ensure that insights from policymakers inform our work and - in collaboration with our colleagues and external stakeholders - help shape policy guardrails, industry standards, and safe and beneficial development of AI tools.

We are looking for a Solutions Architect to collaborate directly with our Global Affairs team to help public sector actors unlock the benefits of OpenAI tools and products, aiming to broadly benefit humanity. This involves partnering to accelerate progress toward the achievement of the UN Sustainable Development Goals and building authentic, collaborative relationships with public sector leaders, civil society, and the broader AI policymaking community. Your role will integrate technical expertise with our mission to ensure that artificial general intelligence benefits all of humanity.

In this role, you will:

Deeply embed with our most strategic stakeholders, serving as their technical thought partner in ideating and building novel applications on our API.

Proactively provide guidance to our stakeholders on how to maximize business impact from their applications, accelerating their time to value.

Experiment and prototype solutions with and for your stakeholders.

Forge and manage relationships with our stakeholders’ leadership to ensure their application’s successful deployment and scale.

Contribute to our open-source developer and enterprise resources.

Foster stakeholder advocacy and represent the voice of the stakeholder with internal teams, gathering and relaying feedback and identifying themes across stakeholders to incorporate into product planning.

Collaborate closely with the Global Affairs and GRC teams to ensure a seamless stakeholder experience.

Use your expertise in programming with Python and Javascript.

You’ll thrive in this role if you:

Have 7+ years of technical consulting (or equivalent) experience.

Are proficient in Python and Javascript.

Built and/or delivered prototypes on top of our API platform.

Led complex technical projects and programs with many stakeholders.

Can proactively identify opportunities for maximizing our stakeholder value through leveraging the OpenAI API.

Own problems end-to-end, and are willing to pick up whatever knowledge you're missing to get the job done to ensure both your team and our stakeholders succeed.

Have a humble attitude and an eagerness to help others with empathy.

Operate with high horsepower, are adept at frequent context switching and working on multiple projects at once with expansive ownership, and ruthlessly prioritize.

Thrive in dynamic environments and can navigate ambiguity with ease.

About OpenAI

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity. 

We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. 

For US Based Candidates: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this link.

OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.

Compensation

$220K – $280K


