Solutions Engineer, Global Affairs
Technical Success - San Francisco

Apply now(opens in a new window)
About the Team

The Success team is responsible for the customer experience on both the OpenAI API platform as well as the ChatGPT business product, ensuring developers and enterprises maximize benefit, value, and adoption from our highly-capable models. OpenAI's customers represent a range of diverse backgrounds and maturity, from early-stage startups to established global enterprises.

About the Role

OpenAI’s mission is to ensure that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We believe that achieving our goal requires effective engagement with public policy stakeholders and the broader community impacted by AI. 

The Global Affairs team builds authentic, collaborative relationships with public officials and the broader AI policymaking community to inform and support our shared work in these domains. We ensure that insights from policymakers inform our work and - in collaboration with our colleagues and external stakeholders - help shape policy guardrails, industry standards, and safe and beneficial development of AI tools.

We are looking for a Solutions Engineer to collaborate directly with our Global Affairs team to help public sector actors unlock the benefits of OpenAI tools and products, aiming to broadly benefit humanity. This involves partnering to accelerate progress toward the achievement of the UN Sustainable Development Goals and building authentic, collaborative relationships with public sector leaders, civil society, and the broader AI policymaking community. Your role will integrate technical expertise with our mission to ensure that artificial general intelligence benefits all of humanity.

In this role, you will:

Deliver an exceptional stakeholder interaction experience.  

Provide technical expertise in educating stakeholders on AI adoption and use cases, outlining the value proposition, clarifying technical requirements, and answering product-related questions.

Demonstrate how the ChatGPT product (free, Plus, Team, or Enterprise) can provide solutions to stakeholders’ needs and deliver value, including (but not limited to) demos, use case scoping, and proof of concepts.

Serve as the first line of defense for security and compliance questions, explaining standardized collateral, guiding customers toward relevant resources (e.g. trust portal), and escalating complex requirements to the appropriate teams.

Create and maintain documentation, guides, and FAQs related to common questions and requirements discovered during the process.

Develop and nurture strong stakeholder relationships during the evaluation and adoption process.

Foster stakeholder advocacy and represent the voice of the stakeholderwith internal teams, gathering and relaying feedback and identifying themes across stakeholders to incorporate into product planning.

Collaborate closely with the Global Affairs and GRC teams to ensure a seamless stakeholder experience.

You might thrive in this role if you: 

Are passionate about OpenAI’s mission of ensuring that artificial general intelligence benefits all of humanity.

Have 7+ years of experience in a Sales Engineer (or similar) pre-sales role, managing relationships with large, global, and complex organizations, preferably working with a technical enterprise product.

Have a solid track record of delivering and scaling an exceptional customer or stakeholder experience.

Have experience providing higher level security and compliance support as well as a thorough understanding and knowledge of IT security principles and customer requirements for similar technical B2B SaaS products.

Possess exceptional presentation and communication skills, particularly when engaging with executives and leaders.

Have a humble attitude, an eagerness to help others, and a desire to pick up whatever knowledge you're missing to make both your team and our customers succeed.

Operate with high horsepower, have strong problem-solving skills, are adept at frequent context switching, effectively manage working on multiple projects at once with expansive ownership, and ruthlessly prioritize.

Are personally committed to fostering the safe and ethical evolution of AI.

#L1-JV1

About OpenAI

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity. 

We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. 

For US Based Candidates: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this link.

OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.

Compensation

$220K – $280K

Apply now
